
EpStart

<!-- Epilogue Info -->

@EPNUM: Classic Season 1 Episode 7

@TITLE: Battle of Wits... Or At Least Rocket Launchers

@AUTHOR: By Naoshi and Magnus

<!-- Epilogue -->

%It's been a few weeks after the incident with Mega Man and Hasselhoff. The Fatal Five take their seats in a room deep within Wily's fortress to review their previous missions and devise new plans to eliminate the Seven Mercenaries.

Riff Annoyed: Alright. You all know why we are here right now. Our plans to even remotely put any harm our enemy, the Seven Mercenaries, have been a complete and total disaster.

WarpMan: Meh.

Riff Angry: **[bangs hand on table]** It's so much a failure that they don't even know we exist!

Karasu: And whose fault is that? **[shoots a look at Warp Man]**

Riff: Exactly!

WarpMan Annoyed: Oh, shut up! Lento screwed up that last one with Hasselhoff!

Lento: Unit did what Warp Man told Lento to do...

Riff Annoyed: And hiring a human actor of all things?! What kind of a plan was that?!

WarpMan: Hey, he had a vendetta and I didn't expect Mega Man to show up!

Karasu: He has a point, for once.

Staccato: I doth agree. Sir Mega Man is quite the worthy adversary.

Riff Angry: So? Even without Mega Man, there were six of them, excluding Kayorei, who was kidnapped! Hasslehoff was outnumbered and is still a regular human being! So my point still stands.

WarpMan: Whatever.

Riff Shocked: **[sighs, thinking back further into that incident]** Wily is gonna dismantle us once he finds out we've wasted most of his Sniper Joes.

Riff: Anyways, let's do a little recap on our recent plans aside from that incident. Remember when we all supposively had a separate plan of our own?

Karasu: Yes and that didn't turn out very well if I recall...

Riff: Correct. Even when we came up with several plans together, Warp Man and Lento somehow finds a screw up them all up! In speaking of.. **[darts his eyes at Warp Man]**

WarpMan: What?

Riff: **(ahem)** I would like to hear it starting from you, Warp Man. You've never told us what was your solo-plan.

WarpMan: ...Well.

%Flashback

WarpMan: **(voiceover)** It was a simple bait and switch. I was going to bait them to where Lento was going to fall, thus allowing him to crush them all, if not most.

WarpMan: Alright, the bait's ready, Lento should be getting into position right about now.....

HumanNaoshi Annoyed: **[returning from the grocery store, carrying a lot of bags, mumbling to self]** Sigh, why do I have to carry all of these on my own?

%Warp Man notices Naoshi is the only one outside.

WarpMan: Crap. Only one?! Oh well. Time to-

Lento: MERC SPOTTED! LENTO SMASH! **[falls on Warp Man, just as Staccato & Karasû jump out of the bushes]**

Staccato: I doth haveth no idea what just transpired...

Karasu Happy: **[is laughing himself to death]**

HumanNaoshi Annoyed: **[is still walking; not noticing anything]**

%End Flashback

Riff Annoyed: ...That's it? What was the bait-

Riff Angry: Wait! Lento?! I thought you were suppose to be a plan alone!

WarpMan Annoyed: Hey, it's not my fault Lento thinks out loud.

Riff Annoyed: That's aside the point! Do you know what "Solo" means?

WarpMan: **[mumbles to himself]** Of course I did... I just don't see the point.

Riff: **[ignoring Warp Man's excuses and turns to Karasu]** What about you, Karasû? How was your solo-plan?

Karasu: I didn't have one. I was just going to ambush them.

Riff: ...

Karasu: Quite ironically, at the same place Warp was smashed.

Riff: ...

Staccato: My plan had a small portion of stealth to it. I was going to try and grab Enker, then pose as him. Ironically, at the same place too.

Riff Annoyed: ...You're all going to be the death of me.

WarpMan: Oh, and like yours was any better? What did you do?

Bass Happy: **[walks in overhearing the conversation, snickering]** Yeah, you all failed so badly that you make Team Rocket look like geniuses.

Riff Annoyed: Screw you.

Karasu Happy: Cyros hit you with the Time Stopper during one of his 'Pokemon marathon runs', didn't he?

Bass Angry: ...Shut up!! We don't talk about that!

Karasu Happy: **(smirks)**

Riff Happy: Can't even survive some kids cartoon?? Who's laughing now?

Bass: Shut up, Riff!! What was your plan anyways?

Riff Shocked: ... I um...

Lento: Unit want to know Riff plan too...

Bass Happy: Nothing? You've thought of nothing?

Riff: **[stays silent]** ...

WarpMan: And you heckled some of us over the same thing. Some mighty "leader" you are.

Bass Happy: Hahaha! It would've been disappointing if this wasn't the Fatal Five, but it's just amusing instead! Even the brianiac of the group can't formulate a plan.

Riff Angry: Go to hell, Bass.

WarpMan: Meh. He was probably going to mooch off of the work the rest of us did.

Riff: Go to hell, Warp Man.

Staccato: How good haveth your plans to destroy Sir Mega Man been doing, Sir Bass?

Bass Angry: Why you...

Riff Happy: **[smirk]*

Bass: Hmph. At least I've fooled Mega Man and wrecked Light's Lab that one time! And my powers against Mega Man are comparable! My rival noticed me, unlike you chumps!

Riff: Not all that impressive to be honest.

Bass Angry: Ugh! Y-you know what?! I think I'll take care of the Mercenaries myself. I'll take them all down!

Lento: Unit thinks Bass's pride is shattered.

Riff Happy: Ha. Let's make this a contest between us, Bass.

Karasu: Why?

Riff Happy: This is our chance to prove we're better than him! Just think of how proud we'll make the doctor!! We'll be promoted! Warp Man, what's your thoughts on this? Yay or nay?

WarpMan: I'm willing to go for it as long as Lento stays FAR away.

Staccato: I'm not taking part of the contest just so thou know. But I will admit Sir Bass is not a fool if he outwiteth Sir Riff. However, if Sir Bass loses, I will fight him to a duel if he wishes.

Bass Angry: Ha! It's on then! **[teleports]**

Lento: Unit unsure about contest.

Riff Happy: Your loss.

Karasu: More like your loss. Only you and Warp Man are going through with this, not us three.

Riff: Cowards. If you all need me, I'll be somewhere in Megalopolis. Or not. Don't bother! **[teleports]**

Lento: ...Unit want to help Riff!

%Meanwhile at the city

Riff Shocked: **[panicking]** Damn it! Already, I can't think of a decent plan! How am I already at this point?! Grr.. unless... Hm? **[spots Warp Man]**

WarpMan: **[beams on to the top of a very tall building, right next to the one Riff is on, he takes out a bunch of machine parts out of a box he was carrying]**

Riff: Hmm... I wonder what he is up to.

WarpMan: Bass and Riff are going to have their minds blown by my genius plan! **[starts putting together something while totally not noticing Riff]**

Riff Happy: Pfft, I would like to see how it'd go.

Lento: **(over Com)** Riff want Unit help?

Riff Annoyed: ...**[sigh]**

Riff: If you want. Better than no help. (Why did it have to be Lento?)

Lento: Unit do best! **[Lento teleports next to Riff]**

Riff: That rather was quick... for you.

Lento: What plan?

Riff Shocked: Er...

Lento: Riff no have plan?

Riff Shocked: O-of course I do! I'm just scouting the surrounding area first.

Lento: Riff has no idea. Unit has idea.

Riff: ...Really? Tell me.

Lento: Try and trick Unit Mercenaries to let down guard.

Riff Annoyed: ...Elaborate.

Lento: No good at details.

Riff Shocked: We're doomed.

WarpMan: **[is building something, like... box shaped shell with a screen]** Almost there...

Lento: Maybe Lento can back Mercenaries into corner for Riff to finish off?

Riff Annoyed: We need more details. How are you gonna corner them and how am I gonna finish them off? 

Lento: Lento thought Unit Riff could figure out, since Unit Riff smart.

Riff Happy: Hmm... Aha! I remember the other day I've built a contraption that can fit right into this plan! I'll get to it, ASAP!

Lento: Unit wait here.

Riff: Good! Don't catch the attention of anyone yet! **[teleports]**

Lento: Unit still waiting.

Lento Annoyed: ...

WarpMan: Ah! My ultimate weapon is now in its testing phase! Muahahahaha!! **[flickers a flashlight below his chin]**

%The weapon in question looks just like a TV. Partically a CRT model.

WarpMan: They won't realise what will hit them!

%Warp Man holds up a device with a bunch of buttons presses the power button. The device itself is revealed to be a CRT TV, but instead of powering on normally, it shoots a huge laser from its screen and into the sky.

WarpMan: OH HO HO!! I just now need bait. Like, an old video game console or a DVD player hooked up to this as bait! They won't suspect a thing...

Lento: **[on Warp Man's platform suddenly]** Unit wants to know Warp Man's TV.

WarpMan Shocked: Ack! LENTO?! GET OUT OF HERE!

Lento: Unit want to help.

WarpMan Annoyed: NO!

Lento: Ok.

WarpMan Annoyed: Get out of my sight, you're going to ruin everything again!

Lento: Ok. **[starts heading back to his spot]**

WarpMan: Good riddence. Now where can I find a Super Nintendo... Maybe that one retro store has plenty.

%Warp Man teleports to the nearby Mall. And just as immediately, Lento stops moving for a second and turns back to the TV.

Lento: Unit does not understand TV's laser function. Inspection needed.

%Meanwhile...

Bass Annoyed: **[is grumbling to himself]** Where am I gonna find those mercenaries?

HumanNaoshi Annoyed: **[leaving the mall empty handed, mumbling]** Every retro video game are too pricy now... mumble mumble...

Bass: Hmm... **[looks at a crude sketch of the Mercs in their Human forms]** Looks like we've just found one of them, Treble.

Treble: **[growls]**

Bass Happy: Hey, you! With the stupid green hair!

HumanNaoshi Angry: Not in the mood for this-

HumanNaoshi Annoyed: **[turns around and sees Bass]** Oh, it's you. The goofy fish fin guy. What do **you** want?

Bass Shocked: **(pride wounded)** W-What did you say about my helmet?!

HumanNaoshi Happy: I SAID your helmet looks like a **fish fin**! Want me to repeat that louder so you can hear?!

Bass Hurt: Grrr...!! You're dead meat, kid!

%Naoshi transforms into Enker.

Naoshi Happy: Heh! Bring it!

%Whoops, wrong place.<br><br>
Staccato and Karasû are playing an online competitive game against a team of several people. The game involves teams of several players locked in an arena, shooting each other down, until the team with the highest kill score wins. Staccato manages to land an impressive double kill as Karasû was about to get cornered.

Karasu: Nice move.

Staccato Happy: Thank you, Sir Karasû!

%Staccato manages to score another point for his team as he kills a player from the enemy team with a beam sword.

Karasu: Oh, I think you've made him mad. Cover me, I'm going for the rockets!

Riff: **[walks in, annoyed]** Have any of you seen my contrap-

Lento: **[teleports in aswell]** Fatal Five playing video games without Unit?! **[goes to pick up a controller]**

Riff Angry: LENTO! I've told you...

Lento: ...

Riff Angry: ...

Lento: Unit got bored.

Riff Angry: I...

Riff Annoyed: You...

Riff: Enjoy your game.

Lento: Ok.

Riff Happy: Anyways, I think I've just found what I've needed! **[walks over the nearby room with his contraption, takes it then teleports out]**

%Meanwhile...

WarpMan: **[placing a cheap bootleg console next to the "TV"]** Heheheh. The mercenaries wouldn't resist playing some retro games. They won't know what hit them! Wait. Hm?

Bass Relieved: ...

Treble: ...

WarpMan: Wow. You guys look like crap. What happened? Got humiliated by one of them? Hahaha.

Bass Damaged: Shut up! **[spots the TV and a set of chairs]** What are *you* even up to this time?

WarpMan: Now now, why don't you cool off to enjoy some nice old video games?  **[is looking contently at his creation]** 

Bass Relieved: **[sits on one of them and rests his face on one of his arms]** Does your plan involve boring them to death with a crappy game?

WarpMan: Not at all! But you're about to see the fruits of my labor! **[evil crackle]** So watch and observe, inferior Wily bot! **[Warp Man steps away from the TV's projection, then presses the power button]**

%...Nothing happens.

Bass Relieved: ...

WarpMan: **[keeps pressing the power button]** Dagh! Eh... The remote must need new batteries. One moment! **[turns around]**

Bass Relieved: Some genius you are. **[starts getting off the chair]**

%Suddenly the TV begins to vibrate, and rapidly so.

WarpMan Shocked: **[looks back]** Uh...

%The screen turns on as it still vibrates, and the entire screen display a huge white brightness.

Bass Damaged: RUN!

Riff: **[teleports in]** Hello, losers! I've found my ultimate weapon and-

%***BOOM!***

%Riff and Warp Man gets blown sky high, same to Bass who didn't ran fast enough, poor guy. But enough of that, let's see how the other Fives are doing in their game.

%Game Voice: GAME OVER. Green Team wins.

%Riff walks into the room, heavily damaged from the aftermath.

Riff Damaged: ...I give up. We're failure as villains.

%Bass enters the room too, all damaged aswell.

Bass Relieved: ...This is the last time I am ever dealing with you morons.

Treble: **(wimpers)**

Karasu Happy: **(snickers)** So... how did it all go?

Bass Relieved: Eat a dick.

Warpmanhead Damaged: **[rolls into the room only as a head]** *WHAT DO YOU THINK?!*

Riff Damaged: Can it, Karasû. I was blown up immediately, no thanks to Warp Man's stupid "weapon".

Warpmanhead Damaged: I swear! My weapon was 100% successful and fail proof in its testing phase! There was no reason for the TV to malfunction!

Lento: TV deemed dangerous. Repairs attempted. Unit loves help.

Warpmanhead Relieved: ...**[shoots a glare at Lento]**

Bass Relieved: Hmph. At least I've battled one of the Seven Mercenary. So I've came closest!

Staccato: Sir Bass won then?

Riff Damaged: **NO!**

Karasu: While you were having fun with your petty contest, we've just won a pretty intense match of Halo 2 ourselves.

Riff Relieved: Good for you.

Lento: Unit had a fun game with Karasû and Staccato!

Karasu Happy: We fought as a team and prevailed! We even had "[F5]" in our names so no one will forget the Fatal Five!

Staccato Happy: We had a very honorable duel. All of a good time.

Karasu: **(gloating)** We've won so many matches. The team that had "[7M]" in their names in particular were quite formidable.

Riff Relieved: 7M?! A-as in... 

Karasu: ?

Riff Relieved: What were their names?!

Karasu: Reading off the list:"[7M]JeremyStardust", "[7M]Hunter_CommieMerc", "[7M]Shinobu1286" and "[7M]IgaWoodBuster".

Karasu Happy: Hm. Come to think of it... Those names sound familiar, don't they?

Riff Damaged: ...

Warpmanhead Damaged: ...

Lento: Unit doesn't get it...

Riff Damaged: ...Those. Were. The. **Mercenaries!**

Lento: Oh.

Karasu Glad: And so the three of us won in the end. Ironic! Good job, Lento and Staccato!

Lento: Unit happy to help!

Staccato Happy: **(nods)**

Riff Damaged: No! That's missing the point of our feud-

Riff Relieved: Bah! Forget it, I'm going to rest.

Warpmanhead Relieved: I hate my life.

Bass Damaged: I'm out too! **[storms out of the room, fuming]**

Lento: Bass forgot to fight Staccato...

Staccato Happy: We won, so I doth not care.

Karasu Happy: It was quite the unexpected twist...

Warpmanhead Damaged: ...Anyone gonna help me get a new body?! **[Riff looms over him]** ... Riff... Please buddy ol' pal?

Riff Damaged: Let me lend you a hand, Warp Man... **[kicks his head out of the window]** And good riddence!

Karasu: He'll be back...

%**THE END**

EpFin


|**<<** [PREV EPILOGUE](s1e6.html)|[EPILOGUE LIST](../../../../7mercs/eplist.html)|[NEXT EPILOGUE](s1e8.html) **>>**|

<script src="{{ '/assets/js/EpFormatter.js' | relative_url }}"></script>