
EpStart

<!-- Epilogue Info -->

@EPNUM: Classic Season 2 Episode 1

@TITLE: New Beginnings (With A Revenge)

@AUTHOR: By Hunter


<!-- Epilogue -->

%It's a rather fine... day, or whatever you have in space. Our fellows Hunter and Magnus are having a visit tour all around the Marauder.

Hunter Happy: And here, you have the engines' section. The Joes handle it quite fine on their own.

Magnus Happy: Woah. Any idea how it works?

Hunter: From the looks of it, I'd say its fusion reactors but I should ask the Joes about the details. Anyways, how is it going with the other Mercs?

Magnus: Fine. But they seem to avoid the subject whenever I've mention the Fatal Five.

Hunter Annoyed: ...In what way?

Magnus: Like, when I ask about where they came from or why they take on us.

Hunter Annoyed: Well, our defeat is still fresh on our minds, so we'd rather wait before talking about it, okay?

Magnus Annoyed: **[narrows eyes]** You're all hiding something.

Hunter Shocked: H-how can you say that? There's nothing to hide!

Magnus Annoyed: Please. You've been sweating bullets ever since I mentioned them.

Hunter Happy: Yeah, it's kinda hot in here after all! How about going back to your room?!

Magnus Annoyed: Yeah, fine. (There's some fishy stuff going on. And you seem very involved in this, Bossman.)

%Later, at "night", in the computer room...

Magnus: Silly Hunter, firewalls are for keeping out spam bots. So, what did that security system record? ...Is that...Joes...doing... **[switches records in a hurry]** Never mention it anymore, okay? **[shudders]**

%And finally, after a few more surprising experiences...

Magnus: Quite a stock of blackmail in here. Too bad everyone involved could access it. Now, this seems interesting...

Hunter Relieved: **[on tape]** And I took part in the creation of the Fatal Five.

Magnus Shocked: Holy crunchmuffins! So, he and I are as much guilty in launching those guys against us. Time for some payback! **[runs away]**

%Same night, other place. We're in Henry's Hideout now.

Warpman: I'm telling you, they fled like chickens! We are the ultimate winners!

Henry: Doesn't surprise me that I didn't see them recently, then. I kinda liked them.

Riff: Still, I believe they're still active. Only recovering from the humiliation.

Staccato: Alas, it could be weeks before we see our valliant foes once more.

Magnus Angry: **[barging in]** YOU DIE NOW!

Staccato Annoyed: Or minutes.

Lento: Unit Hyper Storm has a new voice?

Karasu Annoyed: I'd rather say it is not Stardust anymore.

Staccato Annoyed: Magnus, maybe?

Magnus Angry: Damn right! **[throws a Surging Gust at Warp Man]**

Warpman: **[teleports away, leaving the Gust to destroy part of the counter]** Too slow, newbie!

Henry: **[takes a shotgun from behind]** Fight outside or you get the shotgun.

Riff Shocked: Okay, okay. **[points at the door]** Let's go, boys.

Warpman: **[out]** Now, where were we?

Magnus Angry: I was about to snap your neck like a slim-jim, Freak-bot.

Karasu Happy: As one against five?

Magnus Annoyed: **[looks around to find himself surrounded, then shrugs]** Please, I've had worse odds. You five rejects don't have a chance!

%We leave this scene of ultra-violence to get back to more pleasant fellows.

Iga Annoyed: So, anyone seen Magnus?

CrewJoe: Negative. He's nowhere to be found.

Naoshi Annoyed: We inspected every room.

Shinobu Annoyed: And he left no note behind him.

Hunter Angry: Bad news, people. Magnus paid a visit to the control room.

Iga Shocked: He saw... that?

Kayorei Annoyed: What is "that"?

Hunter Annoyed: Among other things, and you don't wanna know. He went to battle the Fatal Five on his own.

Naoshi Annoyed: ...He isn't that pig-headed, right?

CrewJoe: Incoming transmission from Riff, sir.

FallingStar Annoyed: Guess that's a "yes". He's Hyper Storm *Hog* after all, right?

Riff Happy: You've already guessed why I called, correct?

Hunter: Yep.

Riff Happy: Good. Bring a case full of money at the quarry we first fought in, or you'll be short of a Hyper Storm. *[*to someone off-screen]** Warp Man, stop this music, now!

Warpman: **[off-screen]** But he likes listening The Sound Of Music! Don't you, my chained and gagged Merc buddy?

Magnus Hurt: **[off-screen]** **[muffled yelling that could very well be large amounts of profanity from one seriously pissed off Merc]**

Riff Annoyed: Please, think of us. Come with or without cash, as long as he stops that music.

Naoshi Angry: Hold on. What if we don't bring the money?

Riff: Then we get another round of beating you senseless. Please, hurry, or I'll murder a Fatalist. Shortly after Hyper Storm. **[screen goes offline]**

Shinobu Angry: We seem to have a problem with Hyper Storms, huh?

Naoshi: We have a bigger problem: What must we do now?

FallingStar: The easy way doesn't sound that good to me.

Kayorei: That, and they're villains. Can't trust their words.

Hunter Annoyed: Losing money AND a Merc? Losing only a Merc? Trying to fight? I can't choose!

Iga: If I may suggest something...

Naoshi: Yeah?

Iga Glad: Magnus and I designed a few stuff when he arrived, and I guess it may come in handy. Now, all we need is...

%You wouldn't like spoilers, would you? Anyways, back to the quarry.

Riff: How's the prisoner doing?

Staccato: He has stopped swearing, milord. And I wot not some of his profanity of choice existed before now.

Riff Happy: And the music?

Lento: Walkman crushed.

Riff Happy: Good. And I see our friends are coming.

Hunter Angry: **[with a case]** Okay, here's the cash. Give the Merc back.

Riff: **[taking the case while the Fatalists gather]** Tut-tut. We prefer to check on the money first.

%And as they opened it, our villains were in for quite a shock.

%**SFX: FLASH!**

Iga Happy: EMP bomb. Can't beat that!

Fatal Five: **[screaming imprecations while walking around blinded]**

Shinobu Angry: **[slashing Magnus's chains]** You're gonna be in trouble for running wild like this, you know.

Magnus Annoyed: Don't we have some Fatalists to beat up like right now?

Hunter Happy: Good idea. Let's win this together!

Magnus Glad: YEAH!

Hunter: But not before they recovered from the EMP.

Magnus Angry: What?!

Naoshi Happy: It's only fair-play.

%After a few seconds, the fight started back. The Five used their old strategy, with one minor change, though...

Riff Shocked: They've countered every of our attacks! How can it be?

Naoshi Glad: Know the saying, "live and learn"?

Kayorei Happy: We studied our last defeat, and saw what went wrong.

Iga Happy: So now we know!

Hunter Happy: And knowing is half the battle!

Riff: ...Please tell me you've rehearsed for that part.

%And while the fight notably goes in favor of the Mercs...

Warpman Shocked: **[escaping the battlefield]** I'm gonna meet you all at the base, okay?

Magnus: **[blasting Warp Man's leg]** Not so fast!

Warpman Sad: Uh-oh.

Magnus Angry: **[pulling a chainsaw from hammer space]** Payback time!

Karasu Damaged: **[watching from afar, beaten to a pulp]** My word. You seem to have found a psychopath.

Riff Damaged: It was still the Sound Of Music.

Lento Damaged: Unit recommends discipline on Hyper Storm.

Hunter: Will do. **[kicks Staccato]**

%And after an afternoon filled with fun and violence, the Team returned to its base. But it wasn't the end of Magnus's troubles...

Naoshi Annoyed: Okay, so WHY did you not warn us?

Magnus: I thought it'd be quickly over.

Kayorei Annoyed: A whole team against you?

Magnus Annoyed: **[shrugs]** I've seen worse.

FallingStar: And I have a question. Why did they gag you, Magnus?

Magnus: I tried to eat Warp Man's hand when he started in with the crappy music.

Other Mercs: O_O

Hunter: Okay........ Anyways, I think we can go easy on him, people. After all, without his intervention, we wouldn't have been able to beat the Five, right?

Shinobu Annoyed: Depends from the point of view, but yes.

Hunter Happy: And we're somehow back to good team spirit of cooperation. All's fine!

Magnus: So, party?

Hunter Annoyed: No. A week without Pocky for punishment of your insubordination.

Magnus Sad: NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! NOT MY POCKY! **[sulks in a corner for three days]**

FallingStar Annoyed: We're gonna have busy days with that lad.

%Meanwhile, at the Hideout...

Riff Relieved: **[patched up]** Another defeat. Again.

Henry: Better luck next time.

Staccato Relieved: Defeat is not an issue. Being mocked is one.

Chimeraman: So, how did your losers' day went, lame-os?

Clawman: To think we have the same creator... Frankly, I'm disgusted.

Warpman Damaged: Could be worse. And you, STOP POKING ME!

Air: **[hides his stick]** Oh, do you want me to tell Ben what horrible things you think of him?

Warpman Relieved: Alright, back with the stick.

Air: **[continues poking]** Awesome.

%**THE END**

EpFin


|**<<** [PREV EPILOGUE](s2e0.html)|[EPILOGUE LIST](../../../../7mercs/eplist.html)|NEXT EPILOGUE (Coming Soon) **>>**|

<script src="{{ '/assets/js/EpFormatter.js' | relative_url }}"></script>