
EpStart

<!-- Epilogue Info -->

@EPNUM: Classic Season 2 Episode 8

@TITLE: World Trip

@AUTHOR: By Hunter


<!-- Epilogue -->

%Somewhere, in space. Above everyone's heads, floats one of the most formidable moving fortresses in activity. It, and its crew, have made themselves infamous during the latest War. This is the Marauder, home of the Seven Mercenaries.<br><br>
It's been long since there have been any cheers in this place. This is the cost that goes with power. And the Mercs are now paying it tenfold. Let's see them speaking together.

%They're all seated in what can be called their living room. They look as in the good old days, but their faces are grim. Their war memories are too strong yet.<br>
The only one who doesn't seem troubled is their "watchman". Captain Roland Silver, of the Robot Police Department, has a watchful eye over them. He is seating at Mega Water's -casualty of War- place.

Hunter: Our biggest problem now is that we lost the confidence of everyone. I can hardly see people hiring us anymore.

Magnus Angry: **[grunts]** Yeah, 'cause joining the Kill-Em-All Squad looks wonderful on a CV, Hunter.

%Meet Magnus, the only one who regained his senses before the madness was over.

Naoshi Annoyed: We already discussed that, Magnus. Now, find something useful to say or hush.

%Naoshi always had a short temper when it came to their latest recruit, even before.

Silver: If I may suggest something... **[extends his arm and dipping in a box of Pralines]** Why don't you guys go around and help until you regain some credibility?

Shinobu: I see that working. Now, if they don't want to see us anymore, I'd understand them.

%Shinobu, along with Magnus, had been one of the least scarred by their stay in the Army.

Kayorei: We have RPD approval. 

%Kayorei pointed at the Captain. She had kept on her habit of speaking few.

Hunter: I can see that working... But we still have a problem to solve before. 

%All looked at Silver's seat. The message was clear.

Iga: I tried to work with the remains, but I'm afraid they're over my skills.

%And here's Iga, the Team's first mechanic.

Iga: But now, if we could find an expert...

%A cold, soft chuckle rose from Hunter. 

Hunter Happy: Then our path is already set. We have a small trip back home!

%The Skull Castle was still being rebuilt, but it already had an impressive look. That's the good thing with skull motif; it never gets old.

%The german doctor had set up a meeting out of it, in the woods, and took a special escort with him. The Mercs nodded at the Fatal Five when seeing them gathering around their master. Still, Hunter had an interrogative look at Lento's "pet" -some robotic shark-, but his Fatalist counterpart shrugged in response.

Wily Annoyed: I don't know vhy I should help you, Mercs. After all, zese forced stay in your prison vasn't ze best room in my life.

Iga: We were only seeking help from a world-class roboticist, Doctor.

Wily: I like ze flattering, Buster Rod, but zat is not enough.

Hunter: Do you really think you have a choice here, Wily? Your head is still wanted, after all.

%Before Hunter could get his hand to his rapier, he was quickly restrained by Magnus, who apparently took a small delight in the task.

Wily: Your leader should see someone for ze voices in his head. So, do you vish me to adapt zis armor for your friend here?

Silver: Me? Oh, I'm not with them. **[smiles]** I'm only an agent of the RPD.

%He carried on after Wily's gasp, apparently pleased with the effect.

Silver: But if you agree on helping these people, I may forget I just saw you.

Wily: A-alright. Drop by in a matter of months, and I may efen add in zome upgrades for ze lot of you - not zat you need zem, anyway.

Hunter Glad: **[breaks himself free of Magnus' grasp]** It's settled then. Shall we shake hands?

%Both the doc's and the Merc's hands were shaking, one nervously, the other from restraining a desire to gun the old man down, but it was done. As the Mercs were leaving, Riff raises his voice. 

Riff: By the way, where are you going now?

Hunter: Walking the Earth.


%**THE END**

EpFin


|**<<** [PREV EPILOGUE](s2e7.html)|[EPILOGUE LIST](../eplist.html)| **END OF STORY**|

<script src="{{ '/assets/js/EpFormatter.js' | relative_url }}"></script>