EpStart

<!-- Epilogue Info -->

@TITLE: Art Fight 2024 Results

Arrietty: Hello all and welcome to the first annual results of Arrietty's Art Fight journey!

Nadine Confused: Huh? Art Fight? What's that?

Clara: That sounds... violent and not violent?

Selena: Oh! I bet you fight people to the death with art creations coming to life!

Arrietty: Girls... really?

Arrietty: For those who don't know, Art Fight, since 2015, is an annual art online event taking place throughout of the month of July. It's basically an art trade where artists from around the internet joins in and draw each other's original characters. They also join in teams, themed around whatever it is of the year, and earn points attacking the opposing team. This year's teams were Seaform and Stardust.

Clara: Did you join Seafoam?

Arrietty: Nah... I've joined Stardust this year!

Selena: Purple over green? That's surprising since green is your favorite color.

Arrietty: Well... Lina (rabbitlegs) joined Seafoam so I wanted to join the counter team so I can get a lot of points attacking her! ...She attacked me several times though.

Selena: Huh... How many points did you end up getting for your team this year?

Arrietty: Let me see... according to my statistics... 1588.25 points! But this isn't about my art, really. This is actually about art of... you all!

Nadine Shocked: Really?! People drawn us?

Clara: I'm flattered...!

Selena: I hope I'm popular!

Arrietty: And not just you three either, myself and another character are on this year's roster too. So I've gotten art as well!

Nadine Confused: Another character? Who is it?

Arrietty: I'll get to that soon! First... let's show fanart of our favorite robot girl, Nadine!

Nadine: Oh! It seems I've gotten **5** artworks drawn of me this year!? Woah... I'm popular...

Arrietty: Yeah! You've got drawn more than last year, which was 3!

Clara: This isn't your first Art Fight?

Arrietty: Well.. I barely participated last year. My character roster only contained two characters which were just me and Nadine. I was mostly just trying to get a little feel of it so I can commit more to it next year. I was a little too busy at that time anyways.

Clara: Plus this was shortly before we were around.

Arrietty: Granted, you had some design concept drawn but we weren't ready yet.

Selena: Come on! Enough with the chatter! Let's show 'em already!

Nadine: Okay! First up...!

(Art by I_justdrawz)

Nadine Happy: Oh! I look really cool!

Clara: Awaa... Pretty as heck too!

Arrietty: That was my very first attack of the season too! They're really a great artist! I hope to see them again next year.

Nadine Glad: Yeah! Onto the next one!

(Art by RobinE)

Nadine Shocked: Woah! I look really cute here...

Clara: The pose and the cutesy face really sells it here.

Selena: The smoke coming out of the arm cannon really adds a bit of cool here as well!

(Art by rabbitlegs)

Arrietty: **SUPER FIGHTING ROBOT**

Selena: **MEGA NADINE**

Clara: **FIGHTING TO SAVE THE WORLD!**

Nadine Happy: Oh I get it! It's basically a what-if we had our own Ruby-Spears equilivent of that Mega Man show. I'd love my own show... That'd be the dream!

(Art by Gamedawg)

Clara: Oh! Nadine looks like she's ready for action!

Selena: I bet she's already blasting away some off screen evil robots!

Nadine: Pew pew pew!

Arrietty: This one was a birthday gift, so it's kind of special to me.

(Art by SuperFreaksDev)

Nadine Shocked: Ohh...

Clara: Wait! J-Jack O'Diamonds?!

Selena: Was this the "other character" you were speaking of?

Arrietty: I really think Nadine having that Astro Boy look really suits SuperFreaksDev's art style. It blends pretty well along with his own characters from the Super Freaks series. Same goes to Jack, he looks radically more different considering he never had pupils and his left eye was always obscured, even with the hat off. It's a very interesting intreperation of him.

Nadine Happy: Yeah! Also, man I look like I would really fit there!

Selena: Don't avoid the question!

Arrietty: Now onto the next character... Selena!

Selena: Well... it seems I got **2** pieces of art!

(art by Rabbitlegs)

Selena: Oh, I remember this... That session of Mario Party was fun. Scruffy really figured out the meta there, so he naturally won as Luigi... by doing nothing.

Nadine: Crimson seems really into it, concentrating and all! 

Clara: Oh hey, it's Eris! I should talk to her again sometime soon...

(art by EngineerKappa)

Arrietty: ...

Selena: Oh!! I remember this! I felt so *powerful* wearing that witch outfit. I never knew I could feel so... confident and cool wearing that!

Selena: Eheheheh...

Selena: Or rather... Oh ho ho ho!

Clara: Don't let it get too into your head now, little sis!

Arrietty: This art was a birthday gift, so it was really nice! Even if... it felt awkward wearing someone else's clothes...

Selena: Don't be a downer! That outfit swap was empowering!

Arrietty: Easy for you to say, Selena.

Clara: Hm, well now it's down to me... I only have **1** art this year. Huh, kind of surprised. I kinda expected to be a little popular. But, it doesn't mean I didn't get an incredible piece of art!

(art by rabbitlegs)

Nadine Shocked: You're in a fighting game?!

Selena: Woah, what is your moveset!

Clara: Hehe, it's a secret! Unlock me and find out!

Nadine Happy: Clara is so coooool. She would be my main any day!

Arrietty: It seems I have **3** art drawn this year. You've already seen the costume swap one though. So the one shown now is the 2nd art I've received!

(art by VAdaPEGA)

Clara: Oh! This was done in XP MSPaint according to the commentary!

Selena: This was done in an hour and 25 minutes too!

Arrietty: And on top of that, the art looks really fantastic!

Nadine Glad: It's Arrietty the Variety of the Arrietty series...

Arrietty: Don't push it, Nadine.

(art by LexiesDoodles)

Clara: The flat style is really neat!

Arrietty: I especially like the posing here. I feel cool!

Nadine: You look like you're about to do some pretty magic!

Selena: Alright... so what is this about the "other character".

Arrietty: It may shock you, but it's Jack o'Diamonds.

Selena: ...Yeah, we can tell because he was in the last Nadine artwork!

Nadine: Woah, really? He's in the roster this year??

Selena: 

Arrietty: He would have appeared as our guest, but unfortunately one of his minions informed me he's too busy cleaning up and repairing his world after a gigantic skeleton warlord defeated him in arm wrestling.

Clara: Huh, weird.

Arrietty: In either case... He has **3** art done this year. The first one was already shown, so...

(art by TryanoDoom30)

Clara: Oh! Very spooky! I like the ominious atmosphere.

Selena: The orange sky makes it look kind of cool. Like it's the twilight of Halloween. Night is approaching!

Nadine Happy: I'm feeling weirdly nostalgic for a witch costume now.

(art by NEETori_Kawashiro)

Selena: Oh that graveyard background is REALLY cool.

Clara: The redness of it makes it look even more deadly than the Halloween world we were warped to...

Nadine Happy: Halloween is my favorite holiday, I'd love to visit some spooky graveyard in the Halloween world again.

Selena: Oh, there's also his castle in the background!

Clara: And he wants to play cards with us... What happens if we lose?

Nadine: Well.. that's all of the art it seems!

Arrietty: Huh, I just realized something... We have two artists named after Nitori Kawashiro from the Touhou series.

Selena: She's for obvious reasons my favorite character! I'm glad she's popular enough for that to occur!

Arrietty: Anyways, this was a pretty strong year. The last 5 days were hectic but I made sure I've contributed enough that I got plenty of art responses back. I plan to double down on my commitment next year as I was busy for various reasons this July.

Clara: I hope I get more fanart next year! But really, I'm happy I just got one. And I'm even happier Nadine is popular!

Nadine Glad: Hehe.

Arrietty: I actually have some interesting plans next year regarding the roster. I plan to bring in at least two new characters into the mix.

Selena: Oh hey, I just got a message from Eris and Scruffy that we're invited for some 10-player Saturn Bomberman session.

Clara: Sure! I'm down!

Nadine Glad: Watch out, this time I will win!

(As everyone leaves, a figure steps into the scene)

Naoshi:

Naoshi: Hmm...

%End

EpFin

<script src="{{ '/assets/js/EpFormatter.js' | relative_url }}"></script>