EpStart

<!-- Epilogue Info -->

@EPNUM: Season 1 Episode 1

@TITLE: What the fuck (test episode)

@AUTHOR: By Arrietty

Scruffy: I'm freaks.

Gambi: You're freaks.

Quincy: They're freaks.

Tikiman: We're all freaks!

Scruffy: Guess you can call it a Super Freaks Sweep!

Sticky: Please shut the fuck up.

Cranion: **[exists]**

Kranion Angry: Give back my castle you freakin imposta.

Uncleswordsman: We'll be right back after these messages.

%Meanwhile

Nadine: **[entering the shop, waving at Clara]**

Clara: **[waving back]** Hello, how may I help you cutie?

Clara: Did you know that you can inject Funfetti into raw chicken? It tastes very fucking good.

Nadine: 

Clara: 

Nadine: 

Clara: I'm freaks.

%Nadine slowly backs out of the store.

Clara: **[sobbing uncontrollably]**

Selena: Congrats, Sis! You've blew it!


%Meanwhile

Eris: Holy shit.

Rhea: Language. Also what?

Eris Happy: I have a variety of emotes for my mugshot!

Rhea: Unfair, I only have the neutral one!

Eris Shocked: What a shame! Not my fault our mugshots are just placeholders.

Rhea: You're just flexing by this point.

Eris Happy: Or is the author flexing the emote format?

Rhea: Hmmm...

Scruffy: Hey! Wanna see me crack open a B.U.D.D for an omelette???

Eris Annoyed: **[being held back by Rhea]** I am going to *fucking gut your insides* with a **rusty knife**.

Scruffy: Oh, look! Markdown support! How **bold** of you!

Clara: Help! Nadine won't respond to my text anymore!


%New Content. Wow.

%Snippet of a slice of life.

Nadine: Huh... So this is finally it. I'm finally on my own. No Clara. No Selena. No more fighting robot armies or getting trapped in a dark dimension by a pumpkin magician. Just... a completely new life.

%She sighs and then looks at the door with the number "403" bolted onto it.

Nadine Confused: And I'm about to room with two people I never met before...

%Calmly she knocks on the door. A moment after the door finally opens.

Eris: Huh? Oh hey! You're our new room mate, aren't you?

Nadine Shocked: Y-Yeah. 

Eris Happy: Nice to meet you! My name's Eris and my other room mate is-

%Not a moment sooner, a strange freaky unusual looking guy appears.

Scruffy: Hey! A visitor!

Eris: -...Scruffy. That isn't a visitor, this is our new room mate.

Scruffy: Cool! I think I've seen her before anyways.

Nadine Shocked: Huh? Me? You must be mistaken.

Scruffy: Yeah! When Sticky tried to make the Powerful Monkey Council into his perfect power source and you were there in a ship shooting things down while rescuing the monkeys!

Nadine Shocked:

Eris Annoyed: Don't mind him. He's a bit of a strange one and told me the same exact joke when I met him in Ludicrous World.

Nadine Confused: I see...

Eris: But enough about us, come right in, uhhh-

Nadine: Nadine.

%In the living room.

Eris: **[getting snacks to share]** It must've been a long trip to this island. Where are you from, Nadine?

Nadine: [RETRACTED]. It's a pretty quiet and tranquil place.

Nadine Sad: Usually. When robots aren't taking over.

Eris Happy: Oh? Maybe I can take care of the problem! (I'm sure the Colony would've paid decent there.)

Nadine Happy: It's okay now. Some hero stopped them and it's been peaceful since. Where are you from anyways? 

Eris: Space.

Nadine Confused: 

Eris: A space colony to be more specific! My room was about the size of a closet so I decided to move here.

Nadine Confused: 

Scruffy: And I'm from the United States of Craziness!

Eris: Unfortunately, he's not lying this time.

Scruffy: I haven't lied at all!

Nadine Happy: Wait, that sounds great! Tell me more about it!

Scruffy: It's a pretty chill and dope galaxy! We can do whatever we want as long as it's harmless!

Nadine Happy: Oh!! We should've moved there!

Eris: No.

Scruffy: Well, I can't! I'm hiding from the *IRS*!

Nadine Sad: What?

Eris: He's not making that up either, apparently.

Scruffy: I was framed in my defense!

Nadine Sad: 

%Nadine, just finishing her snacks, hastily gets off the sofa.

Nadine Sad: Umm... Where is my bedroom?

Scruffy: **[getting off the arm rest of the sofa]** Don't you want a tour around the apartment first?

Nadine Sad: N-no I think I'm...

Eris: We can do the tour later. Your room is in the little hallway, at the left.

Nadine Happy: Thank you!

%She hurriedly runs to her room and closes it.

Eris: Hm... (Poor girl. I think she's already overwhelmed.)

Scruffy: Hey Eris! Wanna see me crack open a B.U.D.D for an omelets???

Eris Angry: I'll end you.

%Later in Nadine's room

Nadine Sad: There is just so much to take in...

Nadine Happy: Ah well, I can worry about it later and finally set my stuff here.

Nadine Shocked: Oh yeah! I should probably call Clara and let her know I arrived safely!

%Jobs convo.

%At the dinner table

Eris: 

%Snippet of a potential fight scene.

Kranion Angry: **[getting up after tripping badly]** McFriggin' ow!! What the freak. 

Nadine Shocked: Hey, you okay sir?

Kranion Angry: Of course I am, chump! **[reaches for his pockets, finding it empty]** Hey... You stole friggin' wallet!!!

Nadine: Me?!

Kranion Angry: Who the heck else?? **[cracking knuckles]** No one steals from the great son of Marrow Prime and gets away wit it.

Nadine Annoyed: ...Marrow Who? 

Kranion Angry: Are you frickin' serious?? Now you're insultin' my dad? Ah ya askin' for a death wish??

%Kranion charges towards Nadine with his fist clenched, ready to throw a punch.

Nadine Shocked: Woa, wait now! **[shoots Kranion's head out of reflex]**

Kranion: **[head spins on impact]]** W-Woa-waoaaaahhh!!

Nadine Shocked: Uh... O-oops. Uh.

Kranion: **[grabs his head to stop spinning and twists it back in place]** What the frick?? How did you do that??

Sticky: Are you seriously letting this little girl kick your ass?

Dino: Yeah!!

Sticky: Shut it, Dino.

Kranion: Nevah! She's still just chump! I'mma bust out secret weapon and see who's having the laugh!!

%The ground shakes suddenly, catching the attention of every bystander nearby. A Skullmobile, his flying vehicle with attachable weapons, pops out of the ground. Kranion hops into the mobile and it floats above the ground.

Kranion Angry: Alright, yah thief. Prepare ta get wrecked!

Kranion Angry: 

Kranion: Dino, how do I friggin' activate the stupid attachment you've installed.

Dino: Press the green button, you idiot!

%Kranion presses the green button, it activates a swinging wrecking ball appearing from under the flying vehicle.

Kranion: Friggin' sweet. This is just like that porcupine game.

Nadine Annoyed: ...

Kranion: Why ain't ya scared? 

Nadine: I don't know. ...I'm just kind of used to this, honestly.

Kranion Angry: Whateva', prepare to get smoked! **[swings the wrecking ball towards Nadine]**

Nadine: **[gets in a ready stance right before performing her Slide Kick towards the ball, on impact, the ball gets swung in the opposite direction and swings so hard that it comes around from behind the machine and hits Kranion on the head]**

Kranion Angry: **[rubbing his head]** WHAT THE FRIGGIN' HELL, LADY???

%In the crowd.

Scruffy: **[shoving through the crowd]** Oh hey, I found Nadine!

Eris: What?

Scruffy: And she's fighting Kranion!

Eris Shocked: WHAT?!

Scruffy: **[takes popcorn out of the bag]** Want some?

Eris: *NO!*

%The two combatants glare at each other.

Nadine Angry: ...

Kranion Angry: ...

Nadine Annoyed: Well now what?

Kranion: What ta friggin' mean now what??

Nadine Confused: I don't know. I just kinda expected more, but we've been just glaring at each other for a few minutes now.

Kranion Angry: ...

Nadine Angry: ...

Kranion Angry: ...

Nadine Angry: ...

Kranion Angry: ...

Nadine Angry: ...

Kranion Angry: **[grows a mustache suddenly]** ...

Nadine Angry: ...

Cranion Angry: **HEY!**

Cranion: I thought we were grocery shoppin'!

Kranion Angry: I *would* but this annoyin' lady over here stole my friggin' wallet.

Sticky: **[holding up the wallet]** I literally had the wallet the whole time. Right here.

Kranion Angry: Bro?! You STOLE my wallet? I knew I shouldn't trust ya!!

Sticky: No, diphead. You lend me it.

Kranion Angry: THEN WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY ANYTHANG?

Sticky: Honestly just wanted to see where this was going. Also the opportunity to witness your utter humiliation. Or the unlikely destruction of the girl.

Kranion Angry:

Sticky: Mainly the humiliation bit.

Cranion: Are we gonna go or not??

Kranion: Whateva'. **[points at Nadine]** This ain't ta last time you see me.

Nadine: Oh. Bye.

%Later at Clara's Shop van.

Selena: Huh? Kind of a scary way to end your day.

Nadine Confused: I guess so. I'm just a little confused about that encounter was all.

Clara: You're not hurt, are you?

Nadine: I'm fine. He didn't even manage to land a hit on me!

Selena: But you do know you've potentially compromised your secret, right?

Nadine Annoyed: ...I guess. I kinda forgot Humans don't do slide kicks or materialize guns out of their hands. I... kinda reacted on impulse.

Clara: A lot of people here aren't really Human either. So maybe you won't stick out like you would back in our society and I'm sure they'd accept you for who you are. You sure you want to keep your identity a secret here?

Nadine Sad: Well, it's just I don't really feel comfortable here yet. I want to live like a Human like I've been doing, even here. I also kind of want to think less about my combative life and more on my "Human" side. I guess it's just comfort to keep myself together.

Selena: Hm... 

Nadine: Besides, all of them are still strangers to me.

Clara: True, it's only been a week so far.

Nadine: I do trust my roommates, Eris and Scruffy, but not enough to confide my secret with them... I'm glad they've missed most of my fight.

Selena: That's understandable. There is a bit of a baggage weighing you down and you need time to even process the idea to begin with.

Nadine: Yeah...

Nadine Happy: The talk has kind of eased me a bit. I should probably head back home. Thanks, you two.

%As the Rivera sisters wave good night to Nadine, she walks out of the van to head back to her apartment. She suddenly hears a footstep.

Nadine Confused: Huh?

%...

Nadine Annoyed: Hm... **[continues on her way back]**

Sticky: **[hiding behind a tree]** ...

%Uh oh. It looks like Sticky was eavesdropping! What is this nefarious skeleton up to? Will Nadine get her secret exposed or- 

Sticky: Shut the freak up, already. I haven't decided what I want to do yet!

%Sorry.

%Incorrect Quotes time!

Scruffy: Hey Eris, can I get some ice cream?

Eris: Only a spoonful! 

Scruffy: **[Proceeds to pull out a comically large spoon.]**

% 

Nadine: **[eating a cinnamon roll]**

Clara Happy: Cannibalism.

Nadine Confused: **[confused chewing noises]**

%

Selena: **HEY HEY! DON’T TOUCH THOSE!**

Margaret: (touching a figurine) Why? What’s wrong with touching a *doll*? 

Selena: *THAT IS NOT A DOLL!* This is a *figurine*, thank you very much. 

Gambi: (from afar) IT’S JUST A STIFF DOLL! 

Margaret: FIGURINE MY ASS! IT’S JUST A STIFF DOLL— as Gambi said! 

Selena: I hate all of you. That is a limited edition figurine I got from a conventio— 

Margaret: **[drops figurine on the ground]**

Selena: —n. It was $100; *all my money* just went down the fucking drain.

%

Scruffy: I’m so excited! 

Nadine Happy: We’re gonna have the best costumes, get the most candy... 

Scruffy: And have the biggest stomach aches ever! 

Nadine Glad: Yeah!

%

Kranion: It ain't gonnah work, I’m not ah snitch. 

Cop: Fine, let's try something else. Tag a friend you recently committed a crime with. 

Kranion: Lmao, @Cranion.

%

Scruffy: We’re having a moment, aren’t we? 

Eris: If by 'a moment' you mean me not wanting to strangle you for the first time since we met, then I guess we are.

%

Margaret: You seem familiar... have I threatened you before?

%

Nadine Confused: Is Kranion always like this when he lose? 

Scruffy: Oh, yes. You should've been there for the Great Fast Cars Underground 2 Tantrum of 2023. 

Kranion Angry: You banged a u-ie at wicked impossible speeds and you know it!

%

Nadine Annoyed: Why would you think any of this was a good idea? 

Sticky: Probably because I’m a dangerous sociopath with a long history of violence. 

Nadine Shocked: 

Sticky: I don’t know how you keep forgetting this.

%

Michelle: Scruffy, how could you possibly have gotten into this much trouble in one day?

Scruffy: It... It didn't take me the whole day...

%

Eris: So, did everyone learn their lesson? 

Scruffy: No. 

Sticky: I did not.
 
Nadine: I may have actually forgotten one. 

Margaret: Also no. 

Eris: Oh good, neither did I. 

Uncleswordsman: **[exhausted sigh]**

%

Nadine Annoyed: How petty can you get? 

Sticky: I once edited a Wikipedia article to win an argument I was wrong about.

%

Cheddar: Kranion, please calm down. 

Kranion Angry: I asked for two large fries! 

Kranion Angry: **[dumps fries onto table**] 

Kranion Angry: But all they did was give me a MILLION FUCKING LITTLE ONES!

%

Shootem: Did you have to stab them? 

Ellie: You weren’t there. You didn’t hear what they said to me. 

Shootem: What did they say? 

Ellie: "What are you going to do, stab me?" 

Shootem: That’s fair.

%

Kranion: I’m a reverse necromancer!

Scruffy: Isn’t that just- 

Sticky: No. Shut up. Shut the fuck up. You are literally so fucking unfunny that it hurts. It physically hurts my body knowing that people still think murder is funny. I cant believe im saying this but do you guys know how chronically online you all are, thinking that saying “oOh iM a rEVeRsE nECrOmANcER i LOvE tO kiLL pEOpLe” is genuinely funny and will get everyone in the room shitting themselves from laughter?? cause its not. It’s fucking not. In fact, its the unfunniest fucking joke ever. Not just any joke about killing people. This one specifically. Its so unfunny and stupid. Nobody is fucking laughing at that, Kranion. It makes you look like a greasy emo kid who has never been outside once in their life and uses tumblr religiously. Like not even the funny side of tumblr. the fucking unfunny side filled with overused jokes about murder and illegal acts. Honestly, youre so unfunny, Kranion. Fuck you.

%

%Kranion and the Anti Freaks are planning to break into the IRS.

Superior: We need to distract the guards. 

Kranion: Gotcha.

Negative Quincy: What are we gonna do? 

Kranion: I'mma gonna break their elbows while yah poke their eyes. 

AntiFreaks: 

Kranion: 

Superior: Deal.

%

Sticky: (at Dino's funeral) I need a moment with him. 

Everyone: Of course. **[They leave]** 

Sticky: (leaning over Dino′s coffin) Okay, listen here you little shit. I know you’re not dead. 

Dino: Yeah, no shit.

%

Eris: It's pretty cold outside... wanna hold hands? We should stay close. 

Rhea: (blushing) Okay.

Nadine Confused: Huh? But it's only summer...

%

Nadine: "Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves." 

Sticky: ... 

Sticky: What a stupid fucking quote. 

Sticky: I'm killing way more than two people, idiot.

%

%Can I copy the homework?

Selena: I can help you with it!

Tikiman: Yeah, sure.

Gambi: Bold of you to assume I did the homework.

Margaret: lol nope.

Nadine Shocked: Wait, we had homework?!?!?!

Eris: *Read 5:55pm*

%

Sticky: You kill people for money?!

Tikiman: I can explain!

Sticky: And all this time I’ve been doing it for free like a chump!

%

Dino: *Gets down on one knee*

Sticky: Oh my god, it’s finally happening.

Dino: *Falls over*

Sticky: The poison is kicking in.

%

Scruffy: Who thinks I can fit 15 marshmallows in my mouth?

Eris: You’re a hazard to society

Nadine: And a coward. DO TWENTY.

%

Nadine: What time is it?

Scruffy: I don’t know; pass me that saxophone and we’ll find out

Scruffy: *Plays sax loudly and extremely out of tune*

Eris Shocked: WHO THE FUCK IS PLAYING THE SAXOPHONE AT TWO IN THE MORNING

Scruffy: It’s 2 am

%

Eris: Let me show you a picture from last night that really upset me

Scruffy: Okay, but in my defense, Margaret bet me 50 cents I couldn’t drink all that shampoo.

Eris: That’s not what I wanted to- you drank SHAMPOO?!

%

Eris: Don't worry, I got a plan.

Nadine: Alright.

Eris: TraitorSayWhat?

Sticky: Excuse me?

Eris: What?

Nadine Shocked:

Eris:

Eris Shocked: No wait-

%

Nadine Confused: (learning how to drive) What happens if I press the gas and the brake at the same time?

Scruffy: The car takes a screenshot.

Eris Annoyed: Please pull over. I’m driving now.

%

Scruffy: Freaks? I was freaks once. They put me in a room, a rubber room, a rubber room with rats, the rats made me freaks.

Nadine: Aren't you already a super freak?

Scruffy: Ultimate Edition

Nadine Confused: 


%

Selena: Here’s a fun Christmas idea. We hang mistletoe, but instead of kissing, you have to FIGHT whoever else is under it.

Nadine Sad: Selena no.

Scruffy: Mistlefoe.

Nadine Annoyed: Please stop encouraging her.

%

Eris: Why are you eating ice cream?

Nadine Confused: I always eat Ice Cream when I'm having a bad day.

Eris: But you eat ice cream every day!

Nadine Sad: 

%

%**A NEWCOMER APPROACHES

Fred: hi i am fred from turbo leaps

EpFin

|**<<** PREV EPILOGUE|**[EPILOGUE LIST]**(../../../../superbuddn/eplist.html)|**[NEXT EPILOGUE]**(s1e2.html) **>>**|

<script src="{{ '/assets/js/EpFormatter.js' | relative_url }}"></script>